Update the README (#470)
4C-multiphysics/4C: README.md

to address a plethora of physical problems by means of _computational mechanics_.

Large parts of 4C are based on finite element methods (FEM),
but alternative discretization methods, such as discontinuous Galerkin methods (DG),
particle methods and mesh-free methods have also been successfully integrated.
The research software is implemented throughout in object-oriented programming (C++)

> using modern software design and is parallelized with MPI for distributed memory hardware architectures.

Author: We could also add some capabilities here, like on the website.

## Getting up and running

### Create python virtual environment (required for code development in 4C)

For testing and active development, you need to create a python virtual environment once.
In the source directory,
execute:

```
./utilities/set_up_dev_env.sh
```

### Configure and Build

4C enforces an out-of-source build, i.e., the build directory may not be the top-level source directory.
Create a build directory `<path/to/build/dir>` of your choosing.

Navigate into the build directory and run

```bash
cmake --preset=<name-of-preset> <path/to/source/dir>
```

A preset name needs to be passed to cmake via the command line argument `--preset`.
Use `cmake <path/to/source/dir> --list-presets` to get a list of all available presets.
Define your own presets in a `CMakeUserPresets.json` file.

More information about CMake presets can be found in the [CMake documentation](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/cmake-presets.7.html).

#### Build

To build the code on `<numProcs>` processes, run

```bash
ninja -j <numProcs> full
To quickly run 4C, you can use our docker image, where 4C comes pre-compiled.
```

> #### Run the Tests

Author: I'm not too happy about docker. It makes it very easy to use 4C. However, it is pretty cumbersome to get the simulation results out of the docker container.

> /home/user/4C/build/4C ../tests/input_files/<some-input-file>.4C.yaml output_name

Author: I'm not too happy about docker. It makes it very easy to use 4C. However, it is pretty cumbersome to get the simulation results out of the docker container.

> See our [documentation](https://4c-multiphysics.github.io/4C/readthedocs/installation.html) for more options on how to set up 4C.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See our [documentation](https://4c-multiphysics.github.io/4C/readthedocs/installation.html) for more information on how to build 4C from source on your machine.
```

particle methods and mesh-free methods have also been successfully integrated.
The research software is implemented throughout in object-oriented programming (C++)
using modern software design and is parallelized with MPI for distributed memory hardware architectures.

**Disclaimer**: 4C is developed for research purposes in the field of numerical method development.
It is not intended for any use beyond this purpose and generally should not be used for any form of
safety-relevant or safety-critical calculations
or for an application in association with physical products in particular.

- **Website**: https://4C-multiphysics.org
- **Documentation**: https://4c-multiphysics.github.io/4C/readthedocs/

## Getting started

To quickly run 4C, you can use our docker image, where 4C comes pre-compiled.
```
docker run --interactive --tty ghcr.io/4c-multiphysics/4c:main
/home/user/4C/build/4C ../tests/input_files/<some-input-file>.4C.yaml output_name
```

See our [documentation](https://4c-multiphysics.github.io/4C/readthedocs/installation.html) for more information on how to build 4C from source on your machine.

> Condult our [Tutorials](https://4c-multiphysics.github.io/4C/readthedocs/tutorials.html) to get an overview of the general workflow in 4C.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consult our [Tutorials](https://4c-multiphysics.github.io/4C/readthedocs/tutorials.html) to get an overview of the general workflow in 4C.
```

Author: I thought, I just accept your suggestion to avoid any mistakes from copy-paste. I should have read the suggestion better :sweat_smile:
